what happens when the economy continues
to stay weak for an extended period of
time companies lay off workers then
these people begin to accept social
assistance programs for as long as
possible the weakness of this market
economy was exposed in 2008 when the
world began to Tumble when the cracks
appeared when the shareholders wet the
bed you came here for the truth today
today we are going to look at Mass Us
store closures beginning with this
2017 announced store closing so while we
have a few that are clearly Above the
Rest you will see that there are
thousands and thousands of
stores being
closed in
2017 let's factor in everything that has
happened since
2008 companies were laying off and it
wasn't just in the US it was a global
issue so these are the stores closing
let's go into it a little bit
further retail square footage and sales
per capita what I do find
interesting is that the US is far
ahead its European counterparts
it's a huge difference in fact and then
you have countries like Canada and like
Australia that
are
really leading the pack I would say in
comparison to the uh areas of Europe and
Asia that should tell us something is
there too much of that retail space to
begin
with net new stores by year this is the
answer to your
question Dollar General
8810 and you know what's very
interesting is you look at the total
here about a
th they are nearly all of the new
stores think about that all of the new
stores being opened are dollar
stores now surely a dollar stores aren't
the dollar they used to you see you know
products that are $34 and
more but the point is there that people
need to save money they need to go to
the cheapest places to eat the cheapest
places to get their groceries and their
other items and this is a very clear
indicator to
me about the health of the economy you
know a lot of people like to check the
stock market
PE
ratios fake employment numbers and
everything
else why not look at this to me you let
me know what you think but I think this
is a very clear
indicator one of many but it's very
clear to
me going a little
further Dollar General versus Net new
store openings and it's just a different
way to look at it but here you have the
blue line
being that's the uh dollar store and you
look at the ratio here of everything
else it has four times greater than
everything else I mean this tells me
something is tells me it's very very
clear
now there is also a trend you see the
internet has obviously expanded
and more and more stores are going
online and they keep them in warehouses
and one very good example of that is
this Amazon store count at the end of
2016 29 expected store openings in 2017
71 so this is just rapidly expanding the
way it is and either way if it's retail
ones in the case of Amazon they are
opening up retail locations
But ultimately the bulk of their
business is done online and that
business is expanding much faster than
any of their brick and mortar
Ventures what I would say is that in the
end there is something very clear
happening jobs are
disappearing the education system is a
failure because these people get out of
school they're in massive amounts of
debt which is all fake
anyway and then
you have
to look at why this is all happening
what is the
underlying the root cause of this
madness and you have to figure it is the
system itself the central banks create
liquidity they decide specifically not
how many people how many shareholders
there are in a particular company it is
the central banks that determine
specifically the price of these shares
they determine the value of the stock
market and they determine if you have a
job or not no matter how you look at it
doesn't have to be a publicly traded
company for the central banks to have
that ability to pump pump up different
markets
different
companies in any particular country and
of course they all work together so we
know the
plan and essentially that's all I wanted
to cover I don't see a really a way to
get out of this they are making it worse
they're digging themselves into a deeper
and deeper
hole and
unfortunately the crisis is expanding
it's getting worse and the mainstream
media and the government in collusion
have done one thing really really well
and that is to cover up a complete
disaster if you think about how bad it
is and then how well they've covered it
up so that the mass populace has no idea
think about that it's like they're in
the house it's burning down they see the
Flames the smoke they're breathing it in
and somebody's just whispering in their
ear don't worry everything is okay trust
me and the person's just you know I'm
choking here I can't I can't breathe but
I guess he's right I mean he's he's
obviously right he's telling me it's the
truth and people are brainwashed and
that's really the way it is if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up
last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and global
economic collapse even more informative
you can actually flip through my books
if you go to Amazon they have a look
inside feature that will allow you to
flip through the pages of the books to
see if you like them take care